# LadnarofLadner.github.io
Congressional Nerd Election Webpage, Hawaii 2024, 2nd U.S. District

<p>Thank you for navigating to my page, and thanks, in advance, for your support. Here is a little bit of biographical infomrmation about me. I am so Far-Left that I've fallen off the American politcal scale, sometime around 1996-2000. I was born in Plainfield, Vermont, and grew up in Warwick, Rhode Island (1988-2004). I earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Marine Biology from the University of Rhode Island, on a full tuition scholarship. After 2004, I moved back to Plainfield, Vermont, in search of graduate school positions and scientific work, where I remained, waiting, patiently, until about 2014, when I ran for Congress, and debated Rep. Peter Welch (D., now Senator), and others, on Vermont Public Television. Despite my sincere reservations about the direction the country was going in, my warnings, apparently, went unheeded, and I remain under-utilized and un-utilized, in our modern economy. This is a poisionous economy. Period, full stop.</p>

<p>When I claim to be Far-Left, I should be a bit more specific. It is more accurate to call me extremely progressive, though, due to some professional proclivities and o bligations, and to some phislosophical predilections, "progressive" must be understood in a somewhat limited sense. I am, however, emphatically not Socialist or Communist, though I do not shrink from the labels, as I find the perjorative to be a dull and dimwitted, and extremely outdated one (we are, after all, "all Keynesians, now...", as one noted wag has commented.). I am, however, a full-throated supporter of community and society, which share the root words of those dreaded "-isms", but I also support, and enjoy, capital, the root-word for the other "boogeyman" of modern politics, "capitalism". Here I part with many "Liberals", who often assume that possession of "capital" or profession of ideas which support the creation of value, which often involves the creation and/or use of capital, is somehow "selling out". Money, like community and society, is an OK thing to value; it is the elevation of these things to "-isms", reified to God-like or religious status, which causes problems (in my opnion).</p>
